Improve API docs (#380)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-http: http-ballerina/Module.md

```ballerina
http:Client clientEndpoint = check new("https://my-simple-backend.com");
```
The defined `Client` endpoint can be used to call a remote service as follows:

```ballerina
// Send a GET request to the specified endpoint.
http:Response response = check clientEndpoint->get("/get?id=123");
```
The payload can be retrieved as return value from the remote function as follows:

```ballerina
// Retrieve payload as json.
json payload = check clientEndpoint->post("/backend/Json", "foo", targetType = json);
```

### Listener

The `Listener` is the underneath server connector that binds the given IP/Port to the network, and it's behaviour can 
be changed using the `http:ListenerConfiguration`. In HTTP, the `http:Service` typed services can be attached to 
the `listener`. The service type precisely describes the syntax for both service and resource.

A `Service` represents a collection of network-accessible entry points and can be exposed via a `Listener` endpoint. 
A resource represents one such entry point and can have its own path, HTTP methods, body format, `consumes` and 

> `produces` content types, CORS headers, etc. In resources, Http method and resource path are mandatory parameters and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`produces` content types, CORS headers, etc. In resources, the HTTP method and resource path are mandatory parameters and
```

> String literal and path parameters can be stated as path. The resource function accepts `http:Caller`, `http:Request`, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the String literal and path parameters can be stated as the path. The resource function accepts the `http:Caller`, `http:Request`, 
```

> `http:Headers`, Query parameters, Header parameters, and Payload parameters as arguments, but they are optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`http:Headers`, query parameters, header parameters, and payload parameters as arguments. However, they are optional.
```

When a `Service` receives a request, it is dispatched to the best-matched resource.

A `Listener` endpoint can be defined as follows:

```ballerina
// Attributes associated with the `Listener` endpoint are defined here.
listener http:Listener helloWorldEP = new(9090);
```

Then a `Service` can be defined and attached to the above `Listener` endpoint as shown below:

```ballerina
// By default, Ballerina assumes that the service is to be exposed via HTTP/1.1.
service /helloWorld on helloWorldEP {

   resource function post [string name](@http:Payload string message) returns string {
       // Sends the response back to the client along with a string payload.
       return "Hello, World! I’m " + name + ". " + message;
   }
}
```

#### Security

`Listener` endpoints can be exposed via SSL. They support Mutual SSL, Hostname Verification, and Application Layer 
Protocol Negotiation (ALPN) for HTTP2. `Listener` endpoints also support Certificate Revocation List (CRL), Online 

> Certificate Status Protocol (OCSP), OCSP Stapling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certificate Status Protocol (OCSP), and OCSP Stapling.
```

Also, The `listener` can be configured to authenticate and authorize the inbound requests. Ballerina has 
built-in support for basic authentication, JWT authentication, and OAuth2 authentication.

> In addition to that, protocol wise it supports both HTTP/1.1 and HTTP2 and feature wise connection keep-alive, content 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to that, supports both the HTTP/1.1 and HTTP2 protocols and connection keep-alive, content 
```

> chunking, HTTP caching, data compression/decompression, payload binding, and authorization can be highlighted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chunking, HTTP caching, data compression/decompression, payload binding, and authorization can be highlighted as the features of a `Service`.
```

## Overview

This module provides an implementation for connecting and interacting with HTTP and HTTP2 endpoints. It
facilitates two types of network entry points as `Client` and `Listener`.

### Client

The `Client` is used to connect to and interact with HTTP endpoints. They support connection pooling and can be 
configured to have a maximum number of active connections that can be made with the remote endpoint. The `Client` 
activates connection eviction after a given idle period and also supports follow-redirects so that the users do not 
have to manually handle 3xx HTTP status codes.

> The `Client` handles resilience in multiple ways such as load balancing, circuit breaking, endpoint timeouts, and a 

Reviewer 2: I think we can have a high level section as Resiliency

retry mechanism.

Load balancing is used in the round-robin or failover manner.

When a failure occurs in the remote service, the client connections might wait for some time before a timeout occurs. 
Awaiting requests consume resources in the system. Circuit Breakers are used to trip after a certain number of failed 
requests to the remote service. Once a circuit breaker trips, it does not allow the client to send requests to the 
remote service for a period of time.

The Ballerina circuit breaker supports tripping on HTTP error status codes and I/O errors. Failure thresholds can be 
configured based on a sliding window (e.g., 5 failures within 10 seconds). `Client` also supports a retry 
mechanism that allows a client to resend failed requests periodically for a given number of times.

> The `Client` supports Server Name Indication (SNI), Certificate Revocation List (CRL), Online Certificate Status 

Reviewer 2: Then we need a section for security and explain the rest as well in addition to SSL level stuff.

Reviewer 2: Also I think talk bit about Caching

Protocol (OCSP), and OCSP Stapling for SSL/TLS connections. They also support HTTP2, keep-alive, chunking, HTTP 
caching, data compression/decompression, and authentication/authorization.

A `Client` can be defined using the URL of the remote service that the client needs to connect with, as shown below:

```ballerina

> http:Client|http:ClientError clientEndpoint = new("https://my-simple-backend.com");

Reviewer 2: Lets write it with `check` statement.

```
The defined `Client` endpoint can be used to call a remote service as follows:

```ballerina
// Send a GET request to the specified endpoint.
http:Response|http:ClientError response = clientEndpoint->get("/get?id=123");
```
The payload can be retrieved as return value from the remote function as follows:

```ballerina
// Retrieve payload as json.
json payload = check clientEndpoint->post("/backend/Json", "foo", targetType = json);
```

> ### Listener

Reviewer 2: I think we can explain the type oriented approach we took here.
